Zhao Keman Hu Ying
Wu Gaoshuang Xue Ming Yin An Zhao Bai Ma stomped like a meteor
Kill one person later
Don't stay for a thousand miles
Hahaha, it's all here.
What is the ability to hide?
Good, very good.
It's so like you
So crazy when you're dying
Young bird, you think you will win
Of course, this princess will win. Look at the magic weapon
You can't run now, can you?
Die, Princess Ma Liang
Don't talk nonsense with him
Kill first
Let Ben bring you to meet you
I'd like to see how strong the Qi army is
young bird
Please, I didn't kill you with my own hands last time.
I apologize.
Let me give you a good ride this time.
I didn't come looking for you
You delivered it to your door
I'm really sleepy. Send a pillow.
How is that possible?
Isn't your spell blocked?
Why is it still so powerful?
Who says you can't cut a dead person without magic?
Eat my sword
Ghost knife maze flying flying flying flying